Docs: Improve and clarify Promise terminology section (#41565)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/extensions/async_js/promises/index.md

Promises come with some quite specific terminology that it's worth getting clear about.

A promise can be in one of three states:

> - **pending**: The initial state. The operation has not completed yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **pending**: The initial state. The operation has not yet completed (succeeded or failed).
```

- **fulfilled**: The operation completed successfully. This is when the promise's `.then()` handler is called.
- **rejected**: The operation failed. This is when the promise's `.catch()` handler is called.

We also use a few other terms to describe a promise's state:

- **settled**: The promise is no longer pending; it has either been fulfilled or rejected.

> - **resolved**: The promise is settled, or it has been "locked in" to follow the state of another promise. This is a more advanced concept that appears when one promise depends on another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **resolved**: The promise is completed, or it has been "locked in" to follow the state of another promise. This is a more advanced concept, relevant when one promise depends on another.
```
